the videos captured during the robberies
and uploaded to social media are the
work of Arielle summers and Dean Taylor
a couple followed by millions of people
on social media
hi my name is Arielle and for as long as
I can remember I knew I was going to be
famous I never really seen you around
here before
we straw it's such a small town need to
get out of Florida
maybe somebody will want to come with me
it's a miracle we're gonna need some
cash
I'll be like green you're in luck I'm at
such I created a new account it's 3,000
followers why would you post that
something like this could make us famous
let's go out some fun you guys have been
busy I've been called a modern-day
Bonnie and Clyde about me how do you
think this ends I ain't made to be no
housewife
I don't know what this could do for us
how do you mean what this is anymore
[Music]
nothing like a good old-fashioned bank
robberies
hey hey neighbor you see anything weird
outside your house you tell me alright
[Music]
[Applause]
dad mom's ping weird
mom's always been weird we don't up here
yeah don't let her in here my son likes
to play hide-and-seek can you bring him
down I didn't say he was here you're a
very stupid boy okay
he's Dylan home no your son don't I
don't have a son he had no idea who I
was talking about
[Music]
he's gone I know it
I'd like to report a missing kid where
is your sister
[Music]
these sapphires are here to fulfill your
every need wherever you were before
that's over
[Music]
you
what happened when during the battle
welcome to the talks on the move
gentlemen aren't we supposed to be on
top of the mountain to win this thing
our job is to separate Taliban and the
ordinary people
how do we do our jobs and stay safe
respect keeps us safe I wouldn't trade
this for anything look at us
Band of Brothers keep me pairs okay
trust me baby I quit I love you I'm
gonna win by getting their hearts or
minds we need the hearts and minds and
they want to bug you guys sorry pal
That's Life at Camp Keating every time
they take a potshot at us they're
figuring us out and the big one comes
all of us dialed in here
it's the big one satellite everybody
fall back enemy in the wire
I let him back into fight come
we need to retake his camp we don't have
any hair support the manpower or men are
trapped down there our meed who is 40
yards away there's everything we need to
stay in this fight
let me do this sir
[Music]
let's show some love with the 120 y'all
right back
come on drums around me you're not gonna
die okay rpj run foot
[Music]
we're taking this pitch back
you
what happened by your forward Becky oh
when you wait a second
what is she doing here you let her walk
all over you she's 13 Jeff this
gentleman lost his dog okay well why
don't you give us your number dog is a
Rottweiler purebred or as the Germans
call them or violent Mets goons that's
why you never let them meet with other
breeds you get the worst of both okay I
think it's time for you to go I'm
looking for a key it has this symbol
engraved on it you seen it
no well that leaves a little Becky
where's Becky wait wait he's gonna hold
your dad still I heard him I'm not gonna
let them get away with this
[Music]
she was good she was very very good when
she was bad she was horrid
[Music]
what was the point of all this work
change was much more than that
you're clearly a special girl I don't
want to have to hurt you but I do want
to hurt you real bad
[Music]
finnaly so luminous lobular Sierra
Nevada Weaver so hidden perhaps a
beginner think it in early Cleo City
super husky speak ever Ubah never not
tested Cassandra a chilly corner today L
tunnel below earlier yet sing take a
bone hunters
we had know some salient
don't want to be out
and restores mayor henry of government
through our yet i provide
in Minsk for sale in my band aware of it
really install of our Hawk PvP for
miracles a community see a false key
americana American good chiraq
subjugating skate then Helen was the son
you
[Music]
[Applause]
dick
balut
why am I here yes because it's my
military duty only 0.5% of the
population survived for every one
survivor there are a thousand dead
for centuries you believed in someone
you've never seen millions just like me
will be here soon they will all want the
same thing
you'll do what you were created for
[Music]
as we all know something happened 24
days ago and all contact was lost at
most of the world everything outside of
this circle is in complete darkness as
of now we'll make anyone still alive in
the quarantine zone attack us
they're 160 million of them people not
really command is lost and we're
everybody's last home do you think
they're going to take Moscow the war has
begun
you
[Music]
three-two-one
one two three ready or not a lot of
children have imaginary friends and
often times it's a positive experience
is there anything we can do to help be
less you know destructive you could try
playing with a more at home
good kid
no just got a really vivid imagination
right now Josh
Joshua is our son on medication he
didn't tell me not seeing what I'm
seeing you understand how bad at it
he shows me didn't you zero if you
listen it back
I swear I saw something standing in the
corner Suseo son to try to reconnect
with you it was today's technology we
should be able to hear another person's
thoughts it would be better if we had a
human
maybe human enough for me
three what
must have been a power outage last night
when Oliver makes an incredible
discovery make live for the total
package brains personality and good
looks things will never be the same
worse so old dogs understand all human
stuff but you can't tell anybody that's
checkmate Yami occupy the same space
baked for you good luck at the fair now
he must make sure his new invention this
kid a special doesn't fall into the
wrong hands
oh my god it was didn't I would do
anything to acquire this technology
[Music]
right now
Syd you sure you're not hungry wait what
no one said there be snacks
they've got adventure my human is in
trouble and I need your help
Oh didn't know you're having an awesome
party down to a science
we are gonna save Oliver Gabriel Bateman
Kunal Nayyar with Megan Fox and Josh
Duhamel
oh we make a good team Henry
[Music]
think like a dog you smell as many butts
as I have you tend to pick up a few
things the world is consumed with
darkness that every path we have a rat
amongst us and action must be taken to
tell you this but Aubrey Miller she went
missing last night do you think we'd be
here if it wasn't our jurisdiction to
figure this out before we get blamed for
this we just got a call at the Carver
house now on you will walk in the path
of the Lord
I'd say she doesn't need a pastor right
now she needs a boyfriend
it's always fun
get morning max and happy birthday
please rate it on a scale from one to
ten five max
[Music]
get it up you're gonna get at it with
your mind
becoming a useful second this video
looks at Singapore that invented that
[Music]
my name is adenosine I hereby confirmed
that iron and with assistance of this
hotel have decided to take my life
a feature negev is not you sir
because of your nurse will declare my
your request has now been approved your
decision can no longer be cancelled so
what we were supposed to talk about on
here
maybe not the future
circle of life is our most popular
burial they're not allowed to be here
it's awful
I really need to see Naga cat
it's not an option Maps
clock's ticking
you can go you can't escape
you